README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Dulapah.

I'm a Graduate Software Engineer at NatWest Group based in Edinburgh, UK, focused on building accessible, delightful digital experiences with real-world impact.

I occasionally write on my personal blog at [dulapahv.dev/blog](https://dulapahv.dev/blog) and contribute to open-source projects.

Outside of work, I study Japanese, listen to music, play relaxing games, and spy on my pet rabbit back home via a camera.

- Portfolio: [dulapahv.dev](https://dulapahv.dev/)
- Resume: [dulapahv.dev/resume](https://dulapahv.dev/resume)

<!--
## Hello 👋 I'm Dulapah Vibulsanti. Thai Software Engineer 💻 based in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.

[**📄 Résumé**](https://dulapahv.dev/resume) | [**✨ Portfolio Website**](https://dulapahv.dev/) | [**💼 LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dulapahv) | [**:octocat: GitHub**](https://github.com/dulapahv)

> "I believe accessible and delightful technology has the power to transform lives, and that's what I've been working toward since the very beginning."

I am a **_Graduate Software Engineer_** at [NatWest Group](https://www.natwestgroup.com/), one of the United Kingdom’s Big Four banks, serving over 20 million customers across retail, commercial, and private banking.

In 2024, I completed an internship at NatWest Group as a **_Software Engineer Intern_**, where I honed my skills across frontend, backend, cloud technologies, DevOps, and data analytics. Following the internship, I was thrilled to receive a **_return offer_** to join as a Graduate Software Engineer, starting in September 2025.

In 2025, I completed a double degree program in Software Engineering, earning a **_Bachelor of Science with Honours (BSc Hons) with First Class Honours and Specialism in Parallel and Distributed Systems_** from the [University of Glasgow](https://www.gla.ac.uk/), a Russell Group university in the United Kingdom, and a **_Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.)_** from [King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL)](https://www.kmitl.ac.th/), Thailand. I completed the first two years of the program in Thailand and the final two years in the United Kingdom.

Looking forward to where my career will take me...
-->

<!--
<img src="https://github.com/dulapahv/dulapahv/assets/71577909/8ce87163-bb39-4651-823a-ae70df84eed4" style="border-radius:8px" />
-->

<!--
<img align="left" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65187002/144930161-2f783401-8d27-4fdf-a2f7-cc0ba32f1f1f.gif" width="30%" style="display:inline;"><img align="right" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65187002/144930161-2f783401-8d27-4fdf-a2f7-cc0ba32f1f1f.gif" width="30%" style="display:inline;">

<br>

<p align="center">
    <h1 align="center">✩&emsp;dulapahv&emsp;✩</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Work+Sans&size=20&duration=3500&pause=1000&color=FB568A&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Hello%2C+let's+have+a+sit;%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%94%E0%B8%B5+%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%B1%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%87%E0%B8%94%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%A2%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%81%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%B4;%E3%81%93%E3%82%93%E3%81%AB%E3%81%A1%E3%81%AF%2C+%E5%BA%A7%E3%82%8A%E3%81%BE%E3%81%97%E3%82%87%E3%81%86&width=280&height=50">
</p>

<br>

### <p align="center">[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/✨_PORTFOLIO_✨-fb568a" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" />](https://dulapahv.dev)</p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>

### <p align="center">[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔍_ABOUT_ME_🔎-995bfb" height="35em" style="border-radius:6px" />](https://dulapahv.dev/#about)</p>

-->

<!-- <div>
 <h3>Final-year BSc Honours degree in Software Engineering student at the University of Glasgow</h3>
 <h3>Interested in front-end development and pursuing a career as a full-stack developer</h3>
 <br>
 <h4>I want to make technology accessible and delightful to everyone as I believe it has the power to transform lives, and that's what I've been doing since the very beginning.</h4>
 <h4>Looking forward to where my career will take me</h4>
</div>

<be> -->

<!--
<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>
-->

<!--
### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌸_FRONTEND_🌸-f8ce57" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/nextjs.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/reactjs.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/tailwindcss.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/html.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/css.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/js.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔗_API_🔗-f7588a" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
  <img height="70em" src="./api/nodejs.png?raw=true" />
  <img height="40em" src="./api/nginx.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/💾_BACKEND_💾-49dbdd" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/postgresql.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/py.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/c.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/cpp.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/java.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>

-->

<!--
![3d](./profile-3d-contrib/profile-night-rainbow.svg)
-->

<!--
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://leetcode.com/dulapahv/"><img width="48%" src="https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/dulapahv?theme=dark&font=baloo&extension=null&border=2&border_radius=8"></a>
</p>
-->

<!--
<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p> 

<p align="center">With 💕 from dulapahv :octocat:</p>
-->

Commit message:

refactor: revise personal introduction in README
Updated personal description to emphasize thoughtful design and software reliability.

README.md, after:

### Hi, I'm Dulapah.

I'm a Graduate Software Engineer at NatWest Group in Edinburgh, UK, focused on thoughtful design and building reliable, maintainable software in production.

I occasionally write on my personal blog at [dulapahv.dev/blog](https://dulapahv.dev/blog) and contribute to open-source projects.

Outside of work, I study Japanese, listen to music, play relaxing games, and spy on my pet rabbit back home via a camera.

- Portfolio: [dulapahv.dev](https://dulapahv.dev/)
- Resume: [dulapahv.dev/resume](https://dulapahv.dev/resume)

<!--
## Hello 👋 I'm Dulapah Vibulsanti. Thai Software Engineer 💻 based in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.

[**📄 Résumé**](https://dulapahv.dev/resume) | [**✨ Portfolio Website**](https://dulapahv.dev/) | [**💼 LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dulapahv) | [**:octocat: GitHub**](https://github.com/dulapahv)

> "I believe accessible and delightful technology has the power to transform lives, and that's what I've been working toward since the very beginning."

I am a **_Graduate Software Engineer_** at [NatWest Group](https://www.natwestgroup.com/), one of the United Kingdom’s Big Four banks, serving over 20 million customers across retail, commercial, and private banking.

In 2024, I completed an internship at NatWest Group as a **_Software Engineer Intern_**, where I honed my skills across frontend, backend, cloud technologies, DevOps, and data analytics. Following the internship, I was thrilled to receive a **_return offer_** to join as a Graduate Software Engineer, starting in September 2025.

In 2025, I completed a double degree program in Software Engineering, earning a **_Bachelor of Science with Honours (BSc Hons) with First Class Honours and Specialism in Parallel and Distributed Systems_** from the [University of Glasgow](https://www.gla.ac.uk/), a Russell Group university in the United Kingdom, and a **_Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.)_** from [King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL)](https://www.kmitl.ac.th/), Thailand. I completed the first two years of the program in Thailand and the final two years in the United Kingdom.

Looking forward to where my career will take me...
-->

<!--
<img src="https://github.com/dulapahv/dulapahv/assets/71577909/8ce87163-bb39-4651-823a-ae70df84eed4" style="border-radius:8px" />
-->

<!--
<img align="left" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65187002/144930161-2f783401-8d27-4fdf-a2f7-cc0ba32f1f1f.gif" width="30%" style="display:inline;"><img align="right" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65187002/144930161-2f783401-8d27-4fdf-a2f7-cc0ba32f1f1f.gif" width="30%" style="display:inline;">

<br>

<p align="center">
    <h1 align="center">✩&emsp;dulapahv&emsp;✩</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Work+Sans&size=20&duration=3500&pause=1000&color=FB568A&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Hello%2C+let's+have+a+sit;%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%94%E0%B8%B5+%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%B1%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%87%E0%B8%94%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%A2%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%81%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%B4;%E3%81%93%E3%82%93%E3%81%AB%E3%81%A1%E3%81%AF%2C+%E5%BA%A7%E3%82%8A%E3%81%BE%E3%81%97%E3%82%87%E3%81%86&width=280&height=50">
</p>

<br>

### <p align="center">[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/✨_PORTFOLIO_✨-fb568a" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" />](https://dulapahv.dev)</p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>

### <p align="center">[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔍_ABOUT_ME_🔎-995bfb" height="35em" style="border-radius:6px" />](https://dulapahv.dev/#about)</p>

-->

<!-- <div>
 <h3>Final-year BSc Honours degree in Software Engineering student at the University of Glasgow</h3>
 <h3>Interested in front-end development and pursuing a career as a full-stack developer</h3>
 <br>
 <h4>I want to make technology accessible and delightful to everyone as I believe it has the power to transform lives, and that's what I've been doing since the very beginning.</h4>
 <h4>Looking forward to where my career will take me</h4>
</div>

<be> -->

<!--
<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>
-->

<!--
### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌸_FRONTEND_🌸-f8ce57" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/nextjs.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/reactjs.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/tailwindcss.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/html.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/css.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./frontend/js.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🔗_API_🔗-f7588a" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
  <img height="70em" src="./api/nodejs.png?raw=true" />
  <img height="40em" src="./api/nginx.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

### <p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/💾_BACKEND_💾-49dbdd" height="40em" style="border-radius:6px" /></p>

<div align="center">
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/postgresql.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/py.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/c.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/cpp.png?raw=true" />
 <img height="50em" src="./backend/java.png?raw=true" />
</div>

<br>

<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p>

-->

<!--
![3d](./profile-3d-contrib/profile-night-rainbow.svg)
-->

<!--
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://leetcode.com/dulapahv/"><img width="48%" src="https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/dulapahv?theme=dark&font=baloo&extension=null&border=2&border_radius=8"></a>
</p>
-->

<!--
<p align="center"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f7588a?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-49dbdd?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-f8ce57?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/_-995bfb?style=for-the-badge" height="2em" width="50em" /></p> 

<p align="center">With 💕 from dulapahv :octocat:</p>
-->
